////Poem 01////
//Pangur Bán and I at work
line:013c235,Dialogue_Narration_PangurBanPoem01_001_PangurBanAnd.wav

//Adepts equals cat and clerk
line:019638c,Dialogue_Narration_PangurBanPoem01_002_AdeptsEqualsCat.wav

//His whole instinct is to hunt
line:0b55736,Dialogue_Narration_PangurBanPoem01_003_HisWholeInstinct.wav

//Mine to free the meaning pent
line:0f744d5,Dialogue_Narration_PangurBanPoem01_004_MineToFree.wav

//More than loud acclaim I love
line:0b26df5,Dialogue_Narration_PangurBanPoem01_005_MoreThanLoud.wav

//Books silence thought my alcove
line:05af327,Dialogue_Narration_PangurBanPoem01_006_BooksSilenceThought.wav

//Happy for me Pangur Bán
line:0e9049f,Dialogue_Narration_PangurBanPoem01_007_HappyForMe.wav

//Child-plays round some mouse’s den
line:044ca5e,Dialogue_Narration_PangurBanPoem01_008_ChildPlaysRound.wav



////Poem 02////
//Truth to tell just being here
line:00f8f51,Dialogue_Narration_PangurBanPoem02_001_TruthToTell.wav

//Housed alone housed together
line:0efa18c,Dialogue_Narration_PangurBanPoem02_002_HousedAloneHoused.wav

//Adds up to its own reward
line:0e94ae5,Dialogue_Narration_PangurBanPoem02_003_AddsUpTo.wav

//Concentration stealthy art
line:045695f,Dialogue_Narration_PangurBanPoem02_004_ConcentrationStealthyArt.wav

//Next thing an unwary mouse Bares his flank
line:02c1648,Dialogue_Narration_PangurBanPoem02_005_NextThingAn.wav

//Pangur pounces
line:03faee2,Dialogue_Narration_PangurBanPoem02_006_PangerPounces.wav

//Next thing lines that held and held 
line:0018225,Dialogue_Narration_PangurBanPoem02_007_NextThingLines.wav

//Meaning back begin to yield
line:0248f8f,Dialogue_Narration_PangurBanPoem02_008_MeaningBackBegin.wav



////Poem 03////
//All the while his round bright eye
line:0147b41,Dialogue_Narration_PangurBanPoem03_001_AllTheWhile.wav

//Fixes on the wall
line:0c76052,Dialogue_Narration_PangurBanPoem03_002_FixesOnThe.wav

//while I focus my less piercing gaze
line:07129e5,Dialogue_Narration_PangurBanPoem03_003_WhileIFocus.wav

//On the challenge of the page
line:04397d4,Dialogue_Narration_PangurBanPoem03_004_OnTheChallenge.wav

//With his unsheathed perfect nails
line:0644b73,Dialogue_Narration_PangurBanPoem03_005_WithHisUnsheathed.wav

//Pangur springs exults and kills
line:04b25a5,Dialogue_Narration_PangurBanPoem03_006_PangurSpringsExults.wav

//When the longed-for difficult answers come I too exult
line:0d479e5,Dialogue_Narration_PangurBanPoem03_007_WhenTheLounged.wav

//How did I not find an answer to fix his ailment
line:0aba347,Dialogue_Narration_PangurBanPoem03_008_HowDidI.wav



////Poem 04 Start////
//Who are you?
line:0f5f2e4,Dialogue_Narration_PangurBanPoem04_Start_001_WhoAreYou.wav

//Oh um
line:08afe16,Dialogue_Narration_PangurBanPoem04_Start_002_OhErm.wav

//thank you for returning this
line:0d2de3a,Dialogue_Narration_PangurBanPoem04_Start_003_ThankYouFor.wav

//You wish to hear it
line:04f38ca,Dialogue_Narration_PangurBanPoem04_Start_004_YouWishTo.wav

Well what's there to lose
line:0dad885,Dialogue_Narration_PangurBanPoem04_Start_005_WellWhatsThere.wav



////Poem 04////
//So it goes. To each his own
line:0dd64d8,Dialogue_Narration_PangurBanPoem04_001_SoItGoes.wav

//No vying No vexation
line:0345181,Dialogue_Narration_PangurBanPoem04_002_NoVyingNo.wav

//Taking pleasure
line:0110aee,Dialogue_Narration_PangurBanPoem04_003_TakingPleasure.wav

//taking pains
line:044e54a,Dialogue_Narration_PangurBanPoem04_004_TakingPains.wav

//Kindred spirits veterans
line:02a29fc,Dialogue_Narration_PangurBanPoem04_005_KindredSpiritsVeterans.wav

//Day and night soft purr soft pad
line:076b917,Dialogue_Narration_PangurBanPoem04_006_DayAndNight.wav

//Pangur Bán has learned his trade
line:0cfe488,Dialogue_Narration_PangurBanPoem04_007_PangurBanHas.wav

Day and night my own hard work
line:0c4712d,Dialogue_Narration_PangurBanPoem04_008_DayAndNigh.wav

//Solves the cruxes makes a mark
line:03acb09,Dialogue_Narration_PangurBanPoem04_009_SolvesTheCruxes.wav



////Book Of Hymns////
//You say that... there's more mice than usual?
line:08c9a17,Dialogue_Narration_BookOfHymns_001_YouSayThat.wav

//I suppose that adds up
line:0fd6a68,Dialogue_Narration_BookOfHymns_002_ISupposeThat.wav

//Pangur Ban has been staring...
line:0e0ec88,Dialogue_Narration_BookOfHymns_003_PangurBanHas.wav

//Yeah he just sits on his rug and stares at the windowsill
line:0c81942,Dialogue_Narration_BookOfHymns_004_YeahHeJust.wav

//even when mice approach him.
line:0f6d2e8,Dialogue_Narration_BookOfHymns_005_EvenWhenMice.wav

//Why?
line:09145a7,Dialogue_Narration_BookOfHymns_006_Why.wav



////Scrolls Of The Stars/////
//Look Pangur Ban!
line:0b6139b,Dialogue_Narration_ScrollsOfTheStars_001_LookPangurBan.wav

//There's Orion see?
line:0cfd1e1,Dialogue_Narration_ScrollsOfTheStars_002_TheresOrionSee.wav

//Over there is Polaris...
line:0db0111,Dialogue_Narration_ScrollsOfTheStars_003_OverThereIs.wav

//oh and how could I forget!
line:06bcfe2,Dialogue_Narration_ScrollsOfTheStars_004_OhAndHow.wav

//The Ursa Minor's right over yonder.
line:07df56c,Dialogue_Narration_ScrollsOfTheStars_005_TheUrsaMinor.wav

//I must write all of this down the nuns won't believe these discoveries!
line:080a04a,Dialogue_Narration_ScrollsOfTheStars_006_IMustWrite.wav



////Condolences
//To think your mark would have affected so many people...
line:026720c,Dialogue_Narration_CondolencesOfTheCongregation_001_ToThinkYour.wav

//I hope you see this Pangur Ban.
line:09bfeff,Dialogue_Narration_CondolencesOfTheCongregation_002_IHopeYou.wav


/////Druids/////
//Perhaps following the advice from the druid will help you...
line:076cbc7,Dialogue_Narration_DruidsMissive_001_PerhapsFollowingThe.wav

//First I must gather a handful of grass
line:0ff40a8,Dialogue_Narration_DruidsMissive_002_FirstIMust.wav

and... horse teeth?
line:05626c4,Dialogue_Narration_DruidsMissive_003_AndHorseTeeth.wav



////Ovate////
//He really seems to like you--how odd
line:0a8093c,Dialogue_Narration_MessageFromTheOvate_001_HeReallySeems.wav

//he tends be to aloof around the nuns
line:0f40e4e,Dialogue_Narration_MessageFromTheOvate_002_HeTendsTo.wav

//but warms up to the ovate immediately.
line:03a4fca,Dialogue_Narration_MessageFromTheOvate_003_ButWarmsUp.wav



////Stained Glass////
//When the longed-for difficult answers come I too exult
line:0a586db,Dialogue_Narration_StainedGlass_001_WhenTheLonged.wav

//Answers...
line:0eeaf9c,Dialogue_Narration_StainedGlass_002_Answers.wav

//I need answers what do I do...
line:0976d72,Dialogue_Narration_StainedGlass_003_INeedAnswers.wav



////Unfinished Letter////
//My days and nights have been quieter than ever--
line:0b6b223,Dialogue_Narration_UnfinishedLetter_001_MyDaysAnd.wav

//perhaps it's best for me to remain isolated bishop for just a while longer...
line:018662a,Dialogue_Narration_UnfinishedLetter_002_PerhapsItsBest.wav

//no that doesn't sound right.
line:03de894,Dialogue_Narration_UnfinishedLetter_003_NoThatDoesnt.wav

//Ahem to my sisterhood...
line:0154a37,Dialogue_Narration_UnfinishedLetter_004_ToMySisterhood.wav

//no not that either...
line:03fb859,Dialogue_Narration_UnfinishedLetter_005_NoNotThat.wav



////Scrolls Of The Holy////
//The night is cold as usual.
line:02d4d9c,Dialogue_Narration_ScrollsOfTheHoly_001_TheNightIs.wav

//Pangur that's a candle! Do not knock it down you silly cat!
line:0fe689d,Dialogue_Narration_ScrollsOfTheHoly_002_PangerThatsA.wav

//Ah there goes my scrolls...
line:01a9340,Dialogue_Narration_ScrollsOfTheHoly_003_AhhThereGoes.wav



////The Monk's Chair////
//My musings about the stars my observations and prayers
line:06bec30,Dialogue_Narration_TheMonksChair_001_MyMusingsAbout.wav

//this chair has witnessed them all
line:01bc124,Dialogue_Narration_TheMonksChair_002_ThisChairHas.wav

//In spite of the scratches Pangur Bán has left on it
line:0ac28e6,Dialogue_Narration_TheMonksChair_003_InSpiteOf.wav

//Awww isn't he the cutest?
line:0299b50,Dialogue_Narration_TheMonksChair_004_AwwIsntHe.wav

//I should check up on him
line:09948ce,Dialogue_Narration_TheMonksChair_005_IShouldCheck.wav

//I'll leave the quill here for now
line:05f805d,Dialogue_Narration_TheMonksChair_006_IllLeaveThe.wav



////Quill////
Oh that's where I left my quill
line:06f9fa0,Dialogue_Narration_Quill_001_OhThatsWhere.wav

//Pangur Bán brought a dead bird to the chapel once
line:0cfe374,Dialogue_Narration_Quill_002_PangerBanBrought.wav

//and its feathes were strong enough to hold ink
line:0eeedf7,Dialogue_Narration_Quill_003_AndItsFeathers.wav

//The bishop did not like it one bit
line:04d076a,Dialogue_Narration_Quill_004_TheBishopDid.wav

//He held on to his rosary tightly that day
line:0f43c58,Dialogue_Narration_Quill_005_HeHeldOn.wav



////Mor's Journal////
//So many musings of mine shall remain secrets only my god
line:0d1c637,Dialogue_Narration_MorsJournal_001_SoManyMusings.wav

//well and Pangur Bán will know about in this journal
line:0e2ea3b,Dialogue_Narration_MorsJournal_002_WellAndPanger.wav

//Research papers
line:0b3efbe,Dialogue_Narration_MorsJournal_003_ResearchPapers.wav

//letters to druids
line:04f6853,Dialogue_Narration_MorsJournal_004_LettersToDruids.wav

//so many will remain hidden
line:0ddd4c1,Dialogue_Narration_MorsJournal_005_SoManyWill.wav


////Introduction////
//Welcome to the Abbey dear
line:03cab88,Dialogue_Narration_Introduction_001_WelcomeToThe.wav

//Pangur Ban–my cat–lives here
line:0da3d73,Dialogue_Narration_Introduction_002_PangurBanMy.wav

//Day and night the old cat hunts
line:0c88f9a,Dialogue_Narration_Introduction_003_DayAndNight.wav

//Here we work in unison
line:0b8a39f,Dialogue_Narration_Introduction_004_HereWeWork.wav

//Day and night he hunts I write
line:0f19f2d,Dialogue_Narration_Introduction_005_DayAndNight.wav

//Heres where we both live and dine
line:01643e0,Dialogue_Narration_Introduction_006_HereIsWhere.wav

//His food has been left untouched
line:0c116e3,Dialogue_Narration_Introduction_007_HisFoodHas.wav

//Can you check on Pangur Ban
line:06c5e43,Dialogue_Narration_Introduction_008_CanYouCheck.wav



////Ending////
//Pangur Ban… was once at work
line:0de6f97,Dialogue_Narration_Ending_001_PangurBanWas.wav

//We were adepts we were equals
line:04c61ff,Dialogue_Narration_Ending_002_WeWereAdepts.wav

//Then came winters frigid embrace
line:090ca4c,Dialogue_Narration_Ending_003_ThenCameWinters.wav

//The cats conscience faded away
line:05aa694,Dialogue_Narration_Ending_004_TheCatsConscience.wav

//That spring the stained glass broke down
line:0c8e7f8,Dialogue_Narration_Ending_005_ThatSpringThe.wav

//I thought it was him somehow
line:0c3f7c0,Dialogue_Narration_Ending_006_IThoughtIt.wav

//Instead I saw three kittens
line:0581eda,Dialogue_Narration_Ending_007_InsteadISaw.wav

//White like my dear Pangur Ban
line:0bfce77,Dialogue_Narration_Ending_008_WhiteLikeMy.wav

//Those three live as my equals
line:093bc27,Dialogue_Narration_Ending_009_ThoseThreeLive.wav

//Their whole instinct is to hunt
line:0a1c2d2,Dialogue_Narration_Ending_010_TheirWholeInstinct.wav

//Mine to free the meaning pent
line:0feb031,Dialogue_Narration_Ending_011_MineToFree.wav

//Day and night we all work hard
line:0897062,Dialogue_Narration_Ending_012_DayAndNight.wav



////HellenisticScrolls////
//Look Pangur Ban look! They are here!
line:0162611,Dialogue_Narration_HellenisticScrolls_001_LookPangurBan.wav

//The Hellenistic Scrolls
line:0e2d133,Dialogue_Narration_HellenisticScrolls_002_TheHellenisticScrolls.wav

//Detailing the path of stars and comets alike!
line:05bf8ab,Dialogue_Narration_HellenisticScrolls_003_DetailingThePath.wav



////Ink////
//Oh dear we seem to be out of ink once again Pangur
line:019d804,Dialogue_Narration_Ink_001_OhDearWe.wav

//Let's go and retrieve some oak galls from the garden to make more!
line:007c761,Dialogue_Narration_Ink_002_LetsGoAnd.wav



////BookShelves////
//With a shelf full of books and a cat providing company
line:0031601,Dialogue_Narration_Bookshelves_001_WithAShelf.wav

//it is not surprising how much of a hermit I have become since Pangur Ban's arrival
line:0e67b2c,Dialogue_Narration_Bookshelves_002_ItsNotSurprising.wav



////PangurBansRug////
//It's embarassing knowing how many injuries I went through while knitting this rug for Pangur Ban
line:02a159d,Dialogue_Narration_PangurBansRug_001_ItsEmbarassingKnowing.wav

//He loved it so much
line:0bccf5a,Dialogue_Narration_PangurBansRug_002_HeLovedIt.wav

//So I think it was worth it... 
line:026dc2b,Dialogue_Narration_PangurBansRug_003_SoIThink.wav



////BenchOfPrayer////
//It took a while to get used to praying with members of the Abbey
line:0c5041b,Dialogue_Narration_BenchOfPrayer_001_ItTookA.wav

//but soon enough it was a part of my routine
line:09b5bda,Dialogue_Narration_BenchOfPrayer_002_ButSoonEnough.wav



////TheBishopsRosary////
//The Bishop had a gorgeous rosary decorated with rare gemstones
line:0dabe9e,Dialogue_Narration_TheBishopsRosary_001_TheBishopHad.wav

//I should ask her where she bought it
line:029174a,Dialogue_Narration_TheBishopsRosary_002_IShouldAsk.wav

//but we haven't spoken since I got her letter...
line:0f3a75a,Dialogue_Narration_TheBishopsRosary_003_ButWeHavent.wav




////Clairseach////
//The musicians were not fond of Pangur Ban playing with the cláirseach
line:0a7ade1,Dialogue_Narration_Clairseach_001_TheMusiciansWere.wav

//but enjoyed petting him in between masses
line:084867a,Dialogue_Narration_Clairseach_002_ButEnjoyedPetting.wav

//I wonder what those papers around the cláirseach are...
line:0091114,Dialogue_Narration_Clairseach_003_IWonderWhat.wav



////Altar////
//Pangur would jump on top of the altar in the middle of the service.
line:05868cb,Dialogue_Narration_Altar_001_PangurWouldJump.wav

//Thank goodness he was loved by everyone in the monastery
line:09cbfec,Dialogue_Narration_Altar_002_ThankGoodnessHe.wav



////Wine////
//This wine is supposedly of the finest quality
line:0d1b8b7,Dialogue_Narration_Wine_001_ThisWineIs.wav

//Well according to the Bishop
line:0aa6e8e,Dialogue_Narration_Wine_002_WellAccordingTo.wav

//Supposedly
line:0443883,Dialogue_Narration_Wine_003_Supposedly.wav



////Bread////
//Even though I always had fish to spare
line:054cb60,Dialogue_Narration_Bread_001_EvenThoughI.wav

//Pangur Ban would still try to steal the bread meant for services
line:062f7fe,Dialogue_Narration_Bread_002_PangurBanWould.wav



////TheBishopsLetter////
//The Bishop's words helped me through the worst of it...
line:0148233,Dialogue_Narration_TheBishopsLetter_001_TheBishopsWords.wav



////AstronomyLetter////
//The nuns celebrated my discoveries
line:0ed5eef,Dialogue_Narration_AstronomyLetter_001_TheNunsCelebrated.wav

//No matter how small they were
line:0388e52,Dialogue_Narration_AstronomyLetter_002_NoMatterHow.wav

//It overwhelmed Pangur Ban
line:022c895,Dialogue_Narration_AstronomyLetter_003_ItOverwhelmedPangur.wav

//But he would purr by my side
line:0cbcee7,Dialogue_Narration_AstronomyLetter_004_ButHeWould.wav

//while they handed me this letter.
line:0a40157,Dialogue_Narration_AstronomyLetter_005_WhileTheyHanded.wav



////HandfulOfGrass////
//Both the druid and the ovate said this would help Pangur Ban recover when he was not feeling well...
line:08ebabf,Dialogue_Narration_HandfulOfGrass_001_BothTheDruid.wav

//Oh how I wish they had been right
line:0a25dba,Dialogue_Narration_HandfulOfGrass_002_OhHowI.wav



////OakGalls////
Pangur was so good at finding these
line:059ab77,Dialogue_Narration_OakGalls_001_PangurWasSo.wav

It was easy to gather them and make more ink whenever I ran out.
line:04b118d,Dialogue_Narration_OakGalls_002_ItWasEasy.wav